Content/new manuals (#27)
fictionlab/docs: docs/leo-rover/manuals/main-electronics-box-meb.mdx

<FlexTableItem
  style={{
    textAlign: 'center',
    width: '30%',
  }}
  mobileColumns={2}
>
  <ThemedImageZoom
    loading="eager"
    alt="loctite"
    sources={{
      light: useBaseUrl('/img/robots/leo/manuals/tools-V2/loctite-black.webp'),
      dark: useBaseUrl('/img/robots/leo/manuals/tools-V2/loctite-white.webp'),
    }}
    width="2300"
    height="2400"
  />
</FlexTableItem>

<FlexTableItem
  style={{
    textAlign: 'center',
    width: '30%',
  }}
  mobileColumns={2}
>
  <ThemedImageZoom
    loading="eager"
    alt="loctite"
    sources={{
      light: useBaseUrl('/img/robots/leo/manuals/tools-V2/screwdriver-black.webp'),
      dark: useBaseUrl('/img/robots/leo/manuals/tools-V2/screwdriver-white.webp'),
    }}
    width="2300"
    height="2400"
  />
</FlexTableItem>
</FlexTable>

<ThemedImageZoom
  alt="Layer 3"
  sources={{
    light: useBaseUrl('/img/robots/leo/manuals/tools-V2/layer-3-black.webp'),
    dark: useBaseUrl('/img/robots/leo/manuals/tools-V2/layer-3-white.webp'),
  }}
  width="1480"
  height="2200"
  figStyle={{
    width: 600,
  }}
/>
---

## Step 0

<ImageZoom
  src="/img/robots/leo/manuals/software/software-4.webp"
  width="1200"
  height="802"
/>

> <h1>Burn LeoOs image to the microSD card using this tutorial:</h1>

Reviewer: Same as previous headers

```suggestion
<span style={{ fontSize: '2rem', fontWeight: 'bold' }}>  
  Burn LeoOs image to the microSD card using this tutorial:
</span>  
```
